(Yuma)
Last time
on 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal'...
(Mr. Heartland)
Impossible!
You're supposed to be trapped
in another dimension!
I'll duel in Kite's place!
After sealing this victory,
I'm sure to become
one of the seven
Emperors of Barian world!
To celebrate, I'm going
full Barian!
(both) Let's duel!
(Vector) Nash and Marin?
I was sure I got rid of them
both a long time ago.
(Nash)
Marin and I stand with you,
our fellow Emperors.
We will fight for the Barians!
(both) Go Zexal Morph!
No way!
Go Photon Stream
of Destruction!
(groans)
(groaning)
You'll pay for this.
There's only one thing to do.
We gotta take down the Barians.
♪♪ (upbeat rock)
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided, we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you'll just wipe it away ♪
♪ And all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
(thunder)
(all gasp)
What do you think's
gonna happen, Astral?
(shouting)
(Orbital 7) Master Kite!
(coughing)
Ahh! It can't be!
Shark. What're you...
Shark, what are you doing
with the Barians?
I don't get it.
What's going on?
What's the deal?
Rio's up with them too.
(Yuma) Shark, what gives?
(Shark) 'Shark'?
It feels like a long time
since anybody
called me by that name.
But I'm not Shark
or Reginald anymore.
My name is Nash!
Nash the Barian!
Ahh!
Shark is a Barian?
That can't be true!
Tori's right.
Stop playing games
with us already, Shark.
There's no way you're a Barian.
You wouldn't lie to me.
So what's really going on here?
Tell me.
(groans) Say something!
I'll do much more
than just say something.
I'll show you what I really am.
Go Barian Battle Morph!
(all) Go Barian Battle Morph!
(groans nervously)
(Shark groans)
We are the seven
Barian emperors.
Mizar, the one true
Galaxy-Eyes Master.
Girag, the ultimate
Barian Warrior.
Alito, the Barian who battles
with fists of fury.
Vector... need I say more?
Marin, the name
that brings chills
to everyone's hearts.
Dumon, my faithful friend,
but your greatest enemy.
And I am Nash,
leader of the seven
Barian emperors.
I can't believe Shark
is the leader of the Barians.
I can't believe that Shark
is the head honcho
of the Barians.
This is so messed up.
(groans)
(Astral)
Yuma, at one
of the ruins we discovered,
I witnessed a vision
of Shark's past.
Oh, yeah?
What did you see in it?
Shark's kingdom
was under attack,
and he was leading his people
into a fierce battle.
He was their emperor.
He inspired his people,
filling them
with courage and hope.
I don't get it.
If Shark was such a good guy,
then why is he working
with the Barians?
I do not know.
What I do know is
that he is now our enemy.
I don't care what he is!
Shark's still my friend,
and I'm not gonna fight him!
Astral is right,
we are what we are.
No way!
We are what we do!
I've dueled lots
of different people,
but no matter who it was,
dueling created
a connection, a bond,
and it always helped us
understand each other.
Shark, if you're a Barian,
you might think
the bond we had is broken.
But I'm gonna duel you
and prove that it's stronger
than ever!
(gasping) What the what?
(sighing nervously)
(Shark) Vector!
Vengeance will be mine!
This, I promise.
I will get payback
for my sister.
(Yuma)
These are Shark's memories.
I'm a Barian.
Yuma, Astral, Kite.
Who would've guessed it?
Who would've guessed
that the leader
of their enemies was me?
(shouts)
(Enna)
Yuma, you are
our only hope.
If our world
is to have a chance,
you must free Astral
before he is erased.
Please don't leave me
again, Astral!
Don't ever leave me!
(Nash)
These are Yuma's memories.
He's been carrying
the weight of his world
on his shoulders, just like
I've been carrying mine.
(groans)
(Tori)
Yuma! Yuma!
(Marin) Nash?
(groans in pain)
I saw... your past.
(sighs in pain)
(Tori) Yuma!
We must prepare to battle.
(Roku)
But what if this
is a war you cannot win?
Retreat is not defeat.
All right...
let's move out!
Bronk, Tori, take Yuma.
Orbital, take care of Kite.
Yes... yes, sir!
(Girag)
Hey, what's
goin' on here?
(Vector)
Look! They're...
(Nash)
Gone... after them!
♪ ♪ (action music)
(Orbital 7) Master Kite...
They're not behind us.
I guess we lost them, guys.
I'm sure they're on the prowl.
I found them!
Ahh!
(groans)
Who are you?
Anna Kaboom, so get ready
to get blasted
'cause I'm not going to let you
lay a finger on my Yuma.
Nobody gets
in my way, little girl.
The only thing little
about this girl is her fuse.
You got that?
(The Sparrow)
Fear not, dear maiden!
(gasps)
The Sparrow is here
to save the day.
Surrender now,
you vile villain,
or face the consequences!
It's the Sparrow.
And Anna!
But how...
It seems Yuma's friends
have found out
the world's in danger,
and they've come to help
save it.
Stop the car.
Let me out.
There's something I gotta do.
This has gone on
far enough, Girag.
Yes, it all stops now.
You sure about that,
or are you two cowards
planning on pulling
a disappearing act again?
The time has passed
for running,
unless you are
too afraid to stand up
to an old man and his student.
Bring it on, Grandpa.
I'll crush the both of you!
(Alito) Where did they go?
(groans)
(Nistro) Nice catch.
I don't have time
for silly games.
What's the matter?
You afraid
you'll strike out against me?
(Dumon)
You are foolish
to come to Yuma's aid.
Your interference will have
grave consequences.
For you, that is.
Bronk, you know full well
that you don't have the skills
to stand up to me.
Step out of the way.
Quit fooling around, Rio.
That mask ain't your style.
Sorry to disappoint you,
Bronk, but I'm Marin.
There is no Rio.
You'll always be Rio to me!
Huh?
(Quinton) Shark.
We cannot outrun him.
Good, 'cause running
isn't my style.
Wait.
I'm not going
to let you do this, Quattro.
I can't let you take on
your best friend.
There's too much
at stake between you two.
That's exactly why I have
to be the one to battle him.
Yuma can't duel now,
so I'm the only one here
who has a chance
to get through to him.
Like always,
it's no use arguing with you.
At least take this card
and use it.
This is the card
you were working on
to stop the Barians.
But be careful.
I don't do careful.
You know that, Quinton.
(tires screeching)
(Nash)
So, Quattro, I guess
you drew the short straw.
Stop this nonsense, Shark.
Come on, you're not
fooling anybody.
You're no Barian.
You know you're one of us.
Things have changed, Quattro.
We live in different
worlds now.
Talking about the past
changes nothing.
I am Nash.
Shark is no more.
I know you're
still in there somewhere,
and I'm going to do
everything I can
to bring you back, no matter
what the consequences will be.
(Astral) Yuma, can you feel it?
The bonds that you have forged
through your dueling
are now trying to protect you.
The seven emperors
are powerful enemies,
but you must believe in
the strength of your friends.
Duel Disk!
Set!
(all) Duel!
(Vector)
Well, well...
the fun begins, Nash.
(cackles)
You've been away a long time.
Let's see
if you still can unleash
your full Barian powers.
My turn!
I draw!
First, I summon
Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty.
Thanks to it, I can summon
another Gimmick Puppet
from my hand.
Come on out,
Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer!
Next, I'm activating
the spell card Level Doubler.
By sending one card in my hand
to the graveyard,
I can double
my monster's Level.
So get your yolk on,
Humpty Dumpty!
Now, I activate Gimmick Puppet
Gear Changer's special ability.
Gear Changer becomes the same
Level as Humpty Dumpty.
I overlay Level Eight
Humpty Dumpty and Gear Changer.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 15...
Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder!
This will be fun.
Next, I equip Gimmick Shield
onto Giant Grinder.
Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder
swaps its attack
and defense points.
But that's not all.
You take 300 points of damage
for every Overlay Unit
that Giant Grinder has.
Giant Grinder has
two Overlay Units.
You take 600 points of damage!
I bet that doesn't tickle,
does it?
With that, I end my turn.
My turn!
I draw!
I summon Saber Shark!
(Saber Shark
groans indistinctly)
And now that I have
a Water monster on my field,
I also get to summon
Silent Angler.
And now, Quattro,
brace yourself for my ace.
Hm.
I overlay Level 4 Saber Shark
and Silent Angler.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 101...
Silent Honor Ark.
Well, that's new.
Shark never had
that Number before.
Now, I activate
Silent Honor Ark's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
your Giant Grinder
is transformed
into an Overlay Unit.
My Giant Grinder is gone.
Silent Honor Ark,
attack Quattro directly!
Phantom Flood.
(shouting)
(Nash)
Silent Honor Ark,
attack Quattro directly!
Phantom Flood!
(shouting)
You never should
have challenged me.
It only gets worse.
(groans and coughs)
Stay down if you know
what is good for you.
Appear Number 103!
Ragnazero!
Don't you get it?
I'm a Barian now,
mind and body.
Now's not forever.
I get it.
You're determined
to destroy us,
but I'm determined too...
determined to get
my friend back!
My turn!
I draw!
It's showtime.
I activate the spell card
Overlay Dark Reincarnation.
I get to randomly remove
one of Silent Honor Ark's
Overlay Units.
And if that Overlay Unit
happens to be my Giant Grinder,
I get to summon it to my field.
Plus, I draw a card.
But if it's not,
I lose half my life points.
It's a 50/50 shot.
I choose the one on the left!
Bingo!
Looks like I got
my Giant Grinder back!
But the fun's not over
'cause I get
to draw a card now.
So here goes!
Yes! Exactly
what I was hoping for.
It's time to fight fire
with fire right now.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force!
A new Rank-Up-Magic card?
This card ranks up
my Xyz Monster
into a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I overlay
Rank Eight Giant Grinder!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network.
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
(thunder)
(screeching)
(groans)
I summon Chaos Number 15...
Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter!
I activate its special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it crushes your monster,
and you take damage equal
to that monster's attack points.
Seek and destroy!
Bull's-eye!
No!
Your Ark should've
been annihilated.
You thought wrong.
By using its own
special ability,
it can avoid being destroyed.
Looks like your special ability
wasn't so special after all.
Say what you want, but
your Ark has no Overlay Units.
So there's no chance
you'll be able
to stop me this time.
Giant Hunter,
attack Silent Honor Ark!
Battle Burst!
(groans)
So did that attack knock
some sense back into you?
You done pretending
to be a Barian?
(laughs) This little display
is not enough to change me,
you fool.
Huh.
You think you have
the upper hand.
Well, enjoy it while it lasts
because you will be
begging for mercy
once I unleash the true power
of chaos on you.
(Alito)
It is obvious
that you were no match
for me
and my master's teamwork.
(groans)
(groans) This is impossible.
I'm afraid losing
is quite possible.
(Alito)
How could I have let him
gain the upper hand?
It's simple.
I'm smarter, I'm stronger,
and I'm a winner.
You are going down, Quattro.
Allow me to shed some light
as to why.
(groans)
(Marin) Nash!
(both gasping)
(both groaning)
(Vector)
What's this?
What's Nash doing?
Emperors...
bring the chaos!
(all) Chaos Draw!
(groaning)
♪♪